README.md, before:

# Project Title

## Project Description

[Provide a short description about the project]

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- You have a Windows machine. This guide is for Windows users. If you're using a different operating system, you might need to look up instructions specific to your OS.

## Installing and setting up Python 3.11

To install Python 3.11, follow these steps:

1. Visit the official Python downloads page at https://www.python.org/downloads/

2. Download the Python 3.11 installer.

3. Run the installer. During the installation, make sure to check the box that says "Add Python 3.11 to PATH" before you click on "Install Now".

4. Verify the installation by opening a new command prompt window and typing `python --version`. You should see `Python 3.11.x`.

## Running the project

To run the project, follow these steps:

1. Open a new command prompt window.
2. Create a new virtual environment by typing.

```bash
> python -m venv venv
```

3. Activate the virtual environment by typing.

```bash
> venv\Scripts\activate
```

4. Install the project dependencies by typing.

```bash
> pip install -r requirements.txt
```

5. Run the project by typing `python main.py`.

```bash
> python main.py
```

Commit message:

Add instructions to navigate to project directory in README

README.md, after:

# Project Title

## Project Description

[Provide a short description about the project]

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

- You have a Windows machine. This guide is for Windows users. If you're using a different operating system, you might need to look up instructions specific to your OS.

## Installing and setting up Python 3.11

To install Python 3.11, follow these steps:

1. Visit the official Python downloads page at https://www.python.org/downloads/

2. Download the Python 3.11 installer.

3. Run the installer. During the installation, make sure to check the box that says "Add Python 3.11 to PATH" before you click on "Install Now".

4. Verify the installation by opening a new command prompt window and typing `python --version`. You should see `Python 3.11.x`.

## Running the project

To run the project, follow these steps:

1. Open a new command prompt window and navigate to project directory.

```bash
> cd path/to/project
```

2. Create a new virtual environment by typing.

```bash
> python -m venv venv
```

3. Activate the virtual environment by typing.

```bash
> venv\Scripts\activate
```

4. Install the project dependencies by typing.

```bash
> pip install -r requirements.txt
```

5. Run the project by typing `python main.py`.

```bash
> python main.py
```
